feat: enable BYTES for LPAD and RPAD (#7909)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/scalar-functions.md

RPAD(input, length, padding)
```

Pads the input string or bytes, starting from the end, with the specified padding of the same type until the target length is reached. 

> If the input is longer than the specified target length, it is truncated. 

Author: This is just GitHub formatting making spacing look inconsistent, it's consistent.

> If the padding string or bytes is empty or NULL, or the target length is negative, NULL is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the padding string or byte array is empty or NULL, or the target length is negative, NULL is returned.
```
